hello youtube today i'm going to be
showing you how to drive it pelican and
halo reach now position you're going to
ask you is little allen austria and
you're going to have to get all three of
them all three of those buttons yes it's
like you have to get all three of them
and then what you do that here at the
third at the third one with this red
line is as you can see at the bottom
spring right over here across from it
you like to fly a falcon over here
that's believe is right down there
judicious pledge now if you look up
around me unless you see it but you're
going to need to get a jet active yes
which you can find you the step right
behind the second button the jetpack
down i'll put that Falcon right there
and then on the top screen I jet back
now if you're looking at the top screen
see the little button right there I left
I just smile and half touch admire got
it oh but this guy's on the guy oh well
I didn't make it to the faster than half
all right well anyways I don't really
need him now we're gonna take the Falcon
now there's kind of like a ring someone
it's like a big building boats already
oh when we just get this up again
respond Oh see that ring right a woman
right now you got to get focused on the
bottom screen no more on the top screen
now right when your client is this ring
you will get the Pelican you don't
believe me watch that bump there we go
please pelican it's a little hard disk
controller but intelligent and just
proof you but it's no glitch form of the
flight so this guy can see it you can
also do this with a damn cheap you if
you're able to get advantaging like you
can fly van t through there and it'll
turn into a bathroom I just don't know
where to find a therapy box i mean
there's a spot it's on this building
like on top of the building but it's not
working for me but it's any of you who
can advance yes go sweetheart somewhere
on that the flight is that worried it
will turn into a bathroom and use you're
also able to get guys in the back of
this it'd take 10 I didn't make it
up or sit in the car all right well you
get the point all right guys are able to
get the back of these though hope you
liked the video it it will take some
work to get to this point that's why you
should do it on easy but yeah it's
pretty easy so I hope you like it and
try it out